Fix copying of .got and .got.plt sections for libopencm3 (#178)
iml130/iree-bare-metal-arm: third_party/libopencm3-custom/README.md

# LibOpenCM3

> This folder contains a subset of files imported from  [libopencm3/libopencm3](https://github.com/libopencm3/libopencm3), adjusted to our needs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains a subset of files imported from  [libopencm3/libopencm3](https://github.com/libopencm3/libopencm3), adjusted to the needs of iree-bare-metal-arm.
```
